# Ozobot Map List to PDF Generator 

## Description:
For a robotics activity using small robots called Ozobots,
I have made a program that generates randomized grid maps to act
as game boards. The program outputs as a list of lists representing
a grid configuration of different types of tiles.
This new program will be used to generate a printable version of the
game map.

### Input:
generator.py produces a list of lists that will then be fed into this
new program. Handmade examples can be seen in map.py and, at the
bottom of that file Generated_Map shows a version fully generated by
the program.
There will also need to be the inputs of: the seed used to make the map,
the number of each special tile (as listed as an argument when
generating the board to begin with).

### Page formatting:
"Ozobot - Example Maps.pdf" shows an example of the desired output.
The map is designed to print onto standard letter paper with exactly 
5x4 tiles on each page. If the overall map size is not divisible into 
pages of that size, then blank tiles should be printed there that can
be covered up when the pages are taped together. It is important that
the squares on each page are consistent in size across all prints.

Not included on the example: One, and only one, of the pages should
include the numbers used in generating the map (So the seed and
the number of each special tile.) As well as the best possible flight
efficiency and the score associated with it, 
which comes from find_best_route(board) in search.py.

Each tile should be labeled (ex. A1, A2) in light grey in the top left corner.
This is not seen on the example pdf. These numbers should be consistent between
pages, similar to coordinates on a chess grid.

Special tiles (Anything that does not have a 0 on the board list),
should be color coded and printed with special labels either
on the top right or middle of the tile (depending on what is easiest).
Color coding is as follows:
Light blue: Airport, Start, and End Tiles
Red: Impassable
Green: Tailwind
Yellow: Headwind
Preferably, these special labels should be symbols imported from a file,
not just text or letters.


### Outputs:
There should be multiple outputs for this program.

First: A printable pdf file that contains 5x4 grid(s) on multiple pages,
or a single page if the provided board is small enough. One of these page,
preferably one that would represent a section on the top or bottom right
of the board, should include the details about that board as described above.

Second: An assembled map, outputted either as a pdf or image file 
(Whichever is easiest to do). This assembled map should be a mock-up
of what the pages would look like assembled.
For an example, see "Full Map.png", but note this is a 
slightly different board than what is seen on the individual pages
of the other document and that it is a png rather than a pdf.

Third: A modified version of the assembled map which shows the best possible
route across the board, as generated from find_best_route(board) in search.py
This route should be displayed as a dotted line over top of the board, or
if it is easier, highlighting the tiles traversed.

Fourth: Simple instructions for which pages should be placed where when
assembling the map. This can just be a series of rectangles that show page
numbers in a configuration to make the map easy to assemble correctly. 